Adds contributing section to the README (#80)
Concordium/concordium-rust-smart-contracts: README.md

as a submodule, and testing and builds are set-up to use the submodule version.
When changes are made in `concordium-contracts-common` they should be propagated
to this repository.

## Contributing

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.0-4baaaa.svg)](https://github.com/Concordium/.github/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

This repository's CI automatically checks formatting and common problems in rust.
Changes to any of the packages must be such that

- ```cargo clippy --all``` produces no warnings
- ```rustfmt``` makes no changes.

> Everything in this repository should build with stable rust at the moment (at least version 1.44 and up), however the fmt tool must be from a nightly release since some of the configuration options are not stable. One way to run the `fmt` tool is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything in this repository should build with rust version 1.53 (it should work with 1.51 and up, but we do not test regularly) however the `fmt` tool must be from a nightly release since some of the configuration options are not stable. One way to run the `fmt` tool is
```

```

>  cargo +nightly-2019-11-13 fmt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cargo +nightly-2021-06-09 fmt
```

Author: done

```

(the exact version used by the CI can be found in [.github/workflows/linter.yml](.github/workflows/linter.yml) file).
You will need to have a recent enough nightly version installed, which can be done via

```

> rustup toolchain install nightly-2019-11-13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rustup toolchain install nightly-2021-06-09
```

Author: done

```

or similar, using the [rustup](https://rustup.rs/) tool. See the documentation of the tool for more details.

> In order to contribute you should make a merge request and not push directly to master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to contribute you should make a pull request and ask two people familiar with the code to do a review.
```

Author: done
